print docs (#373)
osohq/oso: docs/using/polar-syntax.rst

will compare the value of the variable age with 10 and unify if it's less than 10.

.. _print-operator:

Print
^^^^^

> Print is a special built-in operator that lets you print things. It always succeeds and as a side effect prints it's arguments to the console.
> Because it always succeeds it can be embedded in other polar expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``print`` is a built-in operator that prints its arguments to the console. It always succeeds, and can therefore be added anywhere inside a Polar rule.
```

For example::

>   hello(x) if print("hello", x);

Author: ```suggestion
  hello(x) if print("hello", x) and x = "world";
```
